they call him the devil train is the
beast the freight train that now
migrants are taking and running by
all the peaceful to the north of
Mexico to reach the station
pascualito in mexicali
to train to be up to 23 days
to talk about grabbing another train that
follow we will not go out
and have to wait
of chiapas mexicanos how many trains
they grab Mexican chiapas
this is the new route that migrants
they are taking to the violence that there is
in the Gulf of Mexico and in states like
san luis zacatecas coahuila new lion and
Tamaulipas where the criminal groups
the massacres kidnap them or the
they force to be their slaves but this
route has a small inconvenience
enter the same hell crosses the
desert of sonora temperatures by
above 50 degrees that's why
they call it the devil train like this
that trip with so much heat in the middle of
desert
34 gallons of fertilizers had a taking
and they come wet from the clothes
wet your clothes because one water to
take by who did not bring water with water
have to put up with it or if it helps some
you get to faint because of so much heat
in the sea and hydrates
in what is
that's why look
many people with you digress for
by hunger or
lack of water and that makes us many
Sometimes committing to crime will wait for us
asleep here an ox passed
we would come meet you
to feed on the drug he thinks and passes
a drugged
through this route hundreds of
migrants arrive in northern Mexico with
hope to cross the border with
USA
a line that is now more armored
that can only be penetrated by the
most inhospitable places the full desert
like the rumorosa
you are waiting to see if there is a chance
to pass but if someone told me to go
we go at that moment for the
hot
the recipe is not much if you feel a
die there will be no more than 70
or return to arrive in November
who do not achieve it or are deported or
they expect better weather conditions
to try they are doomed to wander
through the streets of this city taking care of
of the attack of cholos or policemen the
migrants who realize they cross
the border with such heat is suicide
and seek to return have another challenge
escape from this city as being a
big criminal problem and guide him to the
Floating population
the emigrants do not let us leave
here he will block control of the train of
contraband and when the Valencians
back and forth the federal police
hits us a quality of a joke or
accord of the one that hits us and do not let us
the exit and cali
also because the train that can not
grab I do not want to get out of here this
state
it warms up heats the big hook that
they heat calluses
that's why every evening dozens of
migrants try to take the same train
of the devil but now back towards
the south of the country
down
but federal police operatives and
of private train guards are the
they prevent and they unemployed do not have
money to pay other transportation for
out of here
from mexicalli to the universal
Alberto Torres